as an audacious reformer
Communist Party
heady economic growth
come to be in possession of our most holy symbol
the sacred symbol
to whom I've dedicated my life
the lighthouse bunker
patch her through
but his provocation is proof
is not exactly unbiased
but the coalition is still fragile

a bunch of malarkey
condemned white supremacy
gun-control legislation
condemn racism, bigotry and white supremacy
acknowledge his own rhetoric
stoking fears and hatred and bigotry
in accordance with the Exodus charter
ambassador
Is there a problem with your ascension
the last crop the scouts brought back kind of sucked

and then you see this thing Alie
She was trying to get it out of her head.
Does it look like this?
Don't let her get away!
Find a landmark.
Because I know where we can get a wristband.
We'll handle it. Just stay here.
Skaikru is not welcome here
We have to get her inside. 
Is your father here?
part of an army killed by your people while trying to protect you.
We haven't got time for this.
Because I know you won't let an innocent girl suffer.
to generate an emp, which is freakishly brilliant.
A targeted electromagnetic pulse, could destroy the chip's circuitry.

The blockade! Anybody got eyes?
We bring you Chancellor Pike of the sky people.
Take him. Lift this blockade.
I'll look out for Clarke.
My mom turned me in.
She's gonna bleed to death.
I need bandages.
She's never gonna stop trying to get away.
We'll take turns.
You don't give the orders, Clarke.
We're gonna fry you.
You can hide behide the selfless martyr act.
To destroy circuitry with excessive current.
You tried to convince him not to go public about the fact the Ark was dying
Guess you should've tried harder.
His blood is on your hands, too.
It's what I was trying to do.
Being a selfish loser was your only move.
We've all lost someone. You don't see us falling apart.
You're weak, pathetic.
You're giving her what she wants.
Too bad you were never that devoted to Gina.
Never thought I'd be so happy to see someone in pain.
You'll end up just like my friend.

How is this vengeance
We're set to begin docking maneuver in two hours
all designed to ride out the nightmare that you created
I know the nature of your research.
possibly the greatest feat to engineering in human history
I understand the stakes, Commander
there's no way in hell I'm giving a potentially genocidal A.I. access to what's left of the human race
Alie 1 didn't understand what meant to be human
by coexisting with us

Clarke, will you excuse us?
Your kill order must be fully enforced.
May I make arrangements for Clarke's departure?
I know you want penance for what Alie did, but this is not the way to get it.
Last warning --  you have 20 seconds to comply, or you will be fired upon.
Let it be a lesson to all federation stations.

What's it like to work as a crane operator.
French experts denounce external forces inflaming HK chaos.
Donald Trump may be abrasive, but in terms of racism, corruption, and destruction, he is Mr Reagan's true heir.
Rwanda's national statistics might impress investors and other leaders, but international academics are disputing the figures.
Relaxing the rules around the ivory trade could encourage poaching--the ban must stay

to spur the economy
but the analysts question whether its lofty goals can be achieved
to foster growth in the world's second largest economy
to boost growth in the world's second largest economy
to rival the likes of Silicon Valley
12% of its gross domestic product
the Portuguese-speaking world
they are complementary to each other
they also generate relatively little revenue abroad
global strategy consulting firm
rather than competing with Silicon Valley per se
the comparison is ill-conceived
Controversial HK bullet train launches

Antarctica
cosmic dust
stellar explosions
one of China's most famed grottoes
it will curtail regulations on methane emissions
a U.N. representative called it "extraordinarily harmful"
a potent greenhouse gas
Selfies are supplanting the signiture as a sports collectible
The world's wealthiest 0.001% are creating their own ...
which could make wealth inequality worse
Breaking news: A Justice Department watchdog report sharply criticizes the ex-FBI director ...

Eyes on phytoplankton!
to track these tiny organisms
Polar bears are the apex predators of the Arctic
in fairness to ourselves we literally only rolled this feature out 5 minutes ago
frequent briefings and updates
to heed the directions of your State and Local officials
Stories of Nigerian women who are being forced into prostitution in Ghana
the streets became waves overwhelming her with inspiration
A sequel to "the Handmaid's Tale"
China is calm as growth slows. But is it complacent?
officials are reluctant to unleash stimulus
irrational exuberance
harsh conditions
solar corona - the upper atmosphere of the sun
Mobsters throw molotov cocktails on a pedestrian bridge in Hong Kong
Rioters set fires near residential buildings and stores at one of the busiest area in China's Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
Radical protesters

arise from the ashes like a Phoenix
i see how it was orchestrated so that ...
the gasoline bomb
concentration camps

fears of a German recession are rising. So what would a downturn in its ...
Decline in cars produced in Germany over the past year
Hurricane Dorian - one of the most ... - battered the Bahamas overnight. Scenes of destruction are starting to emerge.
Hurricane Dorian reveals its destructive fury as it slams the Bahamas
Images and video showed floodwaters swirling just below battered rooftops, submerged cars and floating debris ...
Xinhua Headlines: 
taken on Wall Street's private-equity titans
to reduce commitments subject to the 2015 nuclear deal
the biggest contingent of fans
HK police deny allegations some gun-carrying protesters are police personnel in disguise

Thousands march to the US consulate in Hong Kong calling for congress to pass a bill that could help their protests.
get your pedal power on with our favorite electric bikes
the museum displays over 900 accordions
In a quiet norwegian lake, a mysterious serpent swims, the pride of local residents.
Some small cities and towns have been revitalized by developing characteristic industries,
such as swimwear, guitar and spectacles
check out how they gained global competitiveness
we have to change our fictional practices
his uncanny weather forecasting abilities
how do you transform coastal waters from a marine desert into a thriving ecosystem?

Innocent citizens were bullied or beaten by radicals on streets of HK
they have sovereign power
integrity and discipline
unemployment insurance claims
Last-Minute Apple Event Rumors: ....
Courses are luring golfers from East Asia, ...
Japanese Golf Resorts Look to Foreigners to sustain Growth
Koreans are fanatical when it comes to golf
the senator from Colorado deserves more attention
wages are up!
Robert Frank, pivotal figure in documentary photography
twitter is not a pulpit. Twitter is a party.

to save the northern white rhino from extinction
to contend with racism
contend for power
makeshift immigration courts
vegetable crisper drawer
impeach a president
phony & fraudulent
No Obstruction, No collusion, only treasonous crimes
intestinal obstruction
The Chinese Consulate General
held a Mid-Autumn Festival reception
a send-off party 
upcoming tour to China
food shortages, skyrocketing fuel prices, limited access to medication
$37 billion takeover bid

soaring above the traffic
the college admissions scandal
thoroughly enjoying
during his senate testimony, ...
Those infamous words spoken by President Kennedy ...
his visionary spirit
rip up your seats
some nasty chemical
I should opt for prudence and focus on theory
somersault

Nobel laureates
Embassy of Sweden in New Delhi

Business-as-usual approaches are likely to lead to catastrophic changes to our planet and our health and well-being
massive landscape conversion
depletion of natural resources
loss of biodiversity
our profound impact on entire planet has become starkly apparent
fossil fuel propelled transport
How industrialization and urbanization of human populations ...
... have impact our symbionts
preindustrial age

... that lies in the icy realm far beyond Neptune
physicist
an intriguing idea
intrigue
astronomer
astronomy
look for weird blobs of light
those anomalies would come 
anomaly
a halo of dark matter
collisions between dark matter and dark antimatter
start to comb through publicly available data
groups of sporadic gamma ray
the physicists' proposal is speculative
watch AI help basketball coaches outmaneuver the opposing team

Ultrasound can reveal a leaking heart valve, 
expose a torn tendon, 
and give parents an early snapshot of their baby within the womb
... when tumor cells turn genes on and off
To illuminate that activity
researchers can genetically modify them 
so that when they fire up particular genes
ultrasound can also gauge whether ...
He gauged the wind at over thirty knots.
green fluorescent protein (GFP)
Although this approach works well for cells in culture dishes
Ultrasound, which produces images by bouncing high-frequency sound waves off structures in the body
(bounce off)
The noninvasive technique, he adds, is “really great” at peering deep into tissues
(peer into)
... turned to aquatic bacteria that manufacture microscopic air bubbles 
11 genes for producing the gas-filled spheres into gut bacteria
and then injected the modified microbes into the intestines of mice
(bacteria, microbe)
(gut, intestine)
Using a small ultrasound probe, ...

mammal cells
mammalian cells 
the scientists could pinpoint clusters of bacteria in the animals’ intestines
... and getting them to work in concert is difficult
they could coax mammalian cells into activating the genes 
(coax into)
... using one promoter
, ... and colleagues discovered several workarounds
... by stitching several of the bacterial genes together
... could induce human kidney cells in a dish to produce the gas spheres
(induce to)
transferred the genes into virally altered human kidney cells that ....
(viral virally virus)
These cells caused tumors to sprout in the rodents
Ultrasound furnished a more precise image
It’s a neat acoustic way to probe the expression of genes in cells
oncologist oncology
sifter

all reasonable means of resistence
armed resistence
the resistence of copper
the digital surveillance technologies
its Terrorist surveillance program
surveillance agents
a rare mutation of this same gene
a genetic mutation that kept them alive
when you shed your tears
shed light on my dingy home
nobody wanted to tackle him
to tackle the problem
That's been a less controversial issue
a controversial idea
Stanford professor emeritus of applied physics
chairman emeritus of the company
an outspoken critic
an outspoken opponent